Update week 5 notes (#123)
UCL/research-computing-with-cpp: 05libraries/sec05Summary.md

---
title: Summary
---

## Summary

### No Magic Answer

> Managing libraries in C++ is more tricky than other languages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Managing libraries in C++ is trickier than other languages.
```
This feels like a discouraging statement, and is perhaps not justified in the broad context of programming (yes C++ libs take more work than python and some more recent languages, but others are also a pain.)
